0: Oh Alberta! Yesterday you made plans to get out and do a bit of skateboarding;with your friends because the weather was finally warm enough to melt all the;snow. Today it's snowing, so you've been inside playing your new game;SPACE INVADERS. Yeah, it came out sometime in the early 80's but you just got;around to getting a brand new (to you) Atari. Anyway, you've been sitting on ;the couch since 8am and it's late afternoon... and you're a bit hungry.;;Do you want to...;;1) Call for takeout?;2) Go to the kitchen and make a sandwich?:1:2
1: Nah... the kitchen is way too far to walk and your phone is right beside you. ;So you pick it up and dial the number to your favourite take out chinese ;place. At least you think it's the right number. Your dialing finger must ;have been WAY off base today because your professor, Franco, answers the ;phone...;;"You're supposed to be working on your final project," he says. "I'm going to ;have to give you an F for this.";;Sorry, you fail.;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
2: You remember that you don't exactly have enough cash to pay for anything, but ;you do have a loaf of bread that's been sitting on the counter for a while. As ;you mosey into the kitchen you notice that your roommate was kind enough to ;leave out his peanut butter and grape jelly on the counter. Finders keepers, ;right? And a pb and j sammich would taste so good right now.;;Just as you slap two slices of delicious whole wheat on the counter the ;doorbell rings.;;Do you...;;1) Answer the door;2) Ignore it:3:4
3: Why in the seven merciful hells is someone ringing your doorbell on this snowy ;afternoon? You figure that you'll never find out if you don't answer it. So ;you do... and immediately regret it. Standing on your doorstep are two weirdos ;dressed in long robes, kind of like they're preparing to join a cult or go to a ;Star Wars convention.;;"We'd like to talk to you about the Dark Lord and saviour," one of them begins.;;Oh boy...;;1) Slam the door in their faces;2) Listen patiently:5:6
4: You lean and look out of the window. It's some interesting looking weirdos in ;long robes but they're not THAT interesting, so you go back to making your ;sammich. Pensively, you regard the peanut butter and jelly. This is going to ;be a problem. You were always indecisive, that's what mom said.;;Just pick one, which one's first?;;1) You pick the peanut butter.;2) You pick the jelly, obviously.:7:8
5: WHAM!! Ain't nobody got time fo' dat. You ignore the shrieks of pain and pleas ;for help, just as you ignore that wedge of black leather jammed into the door. ;MMmmMmMmmm jam, that would be great on a sammich, but you don't have any ;right now. Just jelly. Oh well. You head back into the kitchen, still ignoring ;the screams outside. You'll have to apologize to the Dark Lord later, right ;now you're hungry.;;Back in the kitchen you have a new problem...;;1) Peanut butter first?;2) Or jelly, duh!:7:8
6: "Listen..." you reply after listening to about a half an hour of the two weirdos droning on and on about their Dark Lord. "I'd really love to hear more about this guy and how I can be saved but I've got something going on inside... Do you mind?";;"Of course not!" the shorter one replies, stepping quickly into the door. Funny, you don't remember inviting them in. The taller one looks at you, waiting. A quick glance over your shoulder has you seeing the first one making his way into the kitchen. Your sammich!!;;Oh well...;;1) Invite the other guy in;2) Find the first guy and push him out the door.:13:14
7: You have no butter, which is gross on sammiches anyhow, so you decide to go ;with the peanut butter first. You carefully spread a thin layer of peanut ;butter on both slices of the bread which is the right way to do it if you hate ;it when your jam soaks into the bread or whatever the (wrong) justification for;putting butter on your sammich is. You discover you have a really passive ;aggressive internal dialogue, almost as if you're two people. You hear a noise ;from outside the kitchen window.;;Sounds important. Maybe not.;;1) Keep making the sandwich.;2) Look out the window.:9:11
8: You decide to put the jelly on first which means you're gonna have a messed ;up sammich later. After all, the jam soaks into the bread which has pretty ;much ruined every other pb and j sammich you've ever had. You flashback to ;childhood. You're holding a pb and j sandwich and you squeeze it slightly and ;the jam gets everywhere because it is just dripping through the pores of the ;bread. You wake up from the flashback on the floor of the kitchen and feel ;mildly concussed.;;After climbing back to your feet you begin spreading the jam, but when you ;were on the floor you noticed something blinking on the ceiling.;;1) Keep making the sandwich.;2) Investigate it.:10:12
9: You grab the jelly and start to spread it on one of the peanut butter covered ;slices of bread. You're really glad you spread the peanut butter there first. ;This could have been a massive disaster, but through ingenuity and chutzpah ;you managed to avoid what was sure to have been the next great incident in a ;long line of horrific, terrible problems that've plagued you for years ;regarding these sammiches. Anyhow, you finish spreading the jelly and put the ;sammich together. It looks pretty good, especially with no butter on it.;;Congratulations! You made a peanut butter and jelly sammich!;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
10: You finish putting the jelly on the sammich. You suspiciously watch for the ;jelly to begin sinking into the pores of the bread, but so far so good. You ;don't even wash the knife off and then spread the peanut butter on the other ;slice of bread. Things appear to be going smoothly. You press the two slices of bread together and you have a sammich. When you pick it up, though, things go ;terribly wrong. The jelly immediately squeezes through the pores and all over ;your fingers and the sammich falls apart. You feel your right arm go numb. You ;smell burnt toast. The last thing you see when you fall to the floor is the ;ruined sammich.;;You're dead!;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
11: You look out the window and see some guy in your backyard. He's trying to ;steal your dog!! Oh no not Benji! That loveable mutt that rolls around in the ;garbage, eats his own poop, and then tries to lick your face!! That's YOUR dog!;You feel a momentary burst of outrage and then remember that time Benji peed ;in your shoes... and on your bed... and on your favourite chair... and on the ;Nintendo system you never got to use.;;You take a look at your sammich...;;1) Let the dude have him, Benji was never a good dog anyway.;2) Forget about the sammich and your hunger, this is YOUR dog!!:8:23
12: You climb onto the counter top to get a better look at the blinking thing. ;Be careful. You reach out and grab it and teeter precariously on the edge. ;After sliding down to sit, you get a good look at the thing and it turns out ;to be a little camera with a strange name that you identify as either Japanese ;or Polish based on no experience with either whatsoever. Good job. Anyhow, the ;more concerning part is that this is a camera. How concerning is it, though? 1) Not enough to matter. Throw it out. 2) EXTREMELY. Run outside in a panic.:15:16
13: Page under construction;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
14: Page under construction;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
15: You decide not to bother with it. It's not even a very exciting looking secret camera anyhow. You just toss it in the trash after seeing if you could find out if it was worth anything on the internet, which it isn't. Walking back into the kitchen, you remember that you were making a sammich. You've already forgotten about the camera when you begin to spread the peanut butter on the opposite side of the bread. As soon as you pick the sandwich up after putting the two pieces together, you have another flashback and this time you die in it, but also die in real life! That's awful! You lose!;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
16: Knocking everything on the counter to the floor as you leap off the counter, ;you know you should be panicking right now. Badly. You kick jelly and bread ;all over the place as you run through the door, brushing past the couple of ;weirdos you saw earlier. They turn to say something to you but you don't hear ;it. You start to run wildly down the street when you notice that there is a large ;shadow looming over you. You slow down, but don't look up yet.;;Why?;;1) You're realizing that the camera isn't a big deal and you haven't put ;any clothes on. Head back home.;2) Look up.:17:18
17: You're getting cold and it's probably about to storm. You drop the camera where you stand and turn back around, running back to your house. The weirdos are still there and you push past them back into the house. You're kind of hungry, but you forget what you were doing. You see Space Invaders on your TV. It's been FOREVER since you've played that. You settle in for a game. And starve to death. Ouch!;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
18: You look up and see that a massive spaceship is looming over you. This is unfortunate, you remark to yourself, you're not wearing much in the way of clothes. That's a secondary concern to the fact that a bright spotlight has just surrounded you. You feel yourself being lifted into the air and watch the city fall away beneath you until you're drawn into the innards of the spaceship. You black out for a second and when you wake up there's a couple of little green aliens standing over you. They burble in an unfamiliar language. This also could be Japanese or Polish. You're not an expert. 1) Cooperate. 2) Hit them.:19:20
19: You stare blearily at them. "I don't speak Polish. Or Japanese.” You say to them. They exchange looks and then start to speak in English, but it's Australian English. As much Australian English as a Canadian would know. "Our apologies, mate. We were just driving our lorry about and wanted to know how we'd throw a sammich on the barbie." You nod thoughtfully and rub your chin like you're the keeper of some really important knowledge, but really this is one of the few things you do know. 1) Teach them how to make a sammich. 2) Keep it to yourself.:21:22
20: You immediately blast one of them in the face with your fist. It really hurts your fist but it also looks like it hurts the alien. It stumbles back, holding its nose. You turn around to go after his partner but you see him holding a TASER. You raise your hands and say, “don’t taze me, bro.” The alien tazes you anyhow. When you wake up, you're inside of your kitchen again. Peanut butter and jelly are on the counter, and you have a full loaf of bread. You look around for the camera, but don't see it. You wipe sweat from your brow and look out the window. A crowd of aliens are watching you. They're here to see you make a sammich. Better get to it!;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
21: You decide it's probably the best idea to teach them how to make the sammich. They lead you into an identical kitchen to your kitchen from home and get really handsy with you while you're showing them how to make the sammich. It's kind of awkward but you don't say anything because you want them to like you. Turns out, aliens are weird. The aliens are really bad at learning how to make sammiches, too. You show them hundreds of times how to do it, but every time they mess up when they try it on their own. Eventually, you collectively decide that this is a bad idea and they drop you off at home. What were you doing? Oh yeah, SPACE INVADERS!;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
22: You decide in a split second that this knowledge is really valuable, so you decide it's best to bargain with these guys. "Take me to your leader." You tell them. They're perplexed by this but shrug and decide to do it. It takes a few weeks to get to their homeworld and the beds are really small on their ship. So after the really uncomfortable journey, you get there and meet the king of the aliens. He clues you in that making sammiches is really difficult but again you claim that you know the secret and will serve him personally. You make thousands of sammiches in his service and as he lays on his death bed, he bequeaths to you his entire homeworld. You rule over the aliens for ages with your excellent sammich skills, this era is known as the Peanut Butter Jelly Time. Congrats. You really made something of yourself. Nobody could see this happening, but there it is. Good work.;;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
23: Page under construction;Press 1 to go back to the beginning or type quit.:0:0
